hey guys what's up this is Dragonite
1115 coming to you with the quick little
mod I found online
the mob drops mod now basically what
this is it is it adds a bunch of drops
to the game from certain mods some of it
which I will show you first off you just
gotta look at they have the wolf skin
which you get from killing a wolf so let
me get wolf spawning and ignore all
these says white glitch exponents I was
doing something and okay so anyway what
you do is you kill them off and as I
said those wait Lucchese spawn eggs are
from a mob I deleted
oh I feel bad about this well it didn't
drop at that time but they do drop the
wolf skin and you could use that wolf
skin built-in I said pretty I believe
traditional pattern but there it is to
make wolf armor then you could use that
wolf's own right to put to adorn
yourself lettuces something from another
mod I haven't stopped and which actually
looks quite cool next
it does
well the creeper armor does full diamond
protection forget mm it now Wow
now ding it it's rock Gotham is killing
me Oh
God shouldn't stop the other mod
everyday on but whatever and let me get
my helmet off
it does like full diamond or more damage
the next little thing I want to show you
is the creeper skin like no wait there
it is
it's a little glitchy white thing around
it and you use that to make creature on
earth which is what I had on in the
beginning as you could probably tell
because it looked like a creeper yeah
and some other things the mod makers
gotten around to are the calamari and
the squid I believe she can't eat them
yet but they'll be used for something in
the future and the zombie arm yeah I
have a giant arm okay anyway I just
wanted to show you one more thing about
this mod has a lot of stuff this is a
definitely modern progress but I liked
it like sliced carrot all of this dough
doesn't have textures made for it yet
and so I'm excited for when this mod is
complete
because all this it doesn't have a
texture it will soon and then and we can
then this model will be at its full
potential but I just wanted to show you
right now what mob drops has in store
thank you guys for I think it's a pretty
neat mod and I can't wait for more
updates thank you guys for watching if
you new to the channel be sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe and I will see you
guys later